everyone this is one Manzarek
with the UN comm and I'm giving you a
build order today this one is a quick
tech build and it's something that I
wouldn't recommend doing in one-on-one
games too much unless you're just
playing with the homie and you're trying
to choose him and make a really fun game
or a really really big map where your
opponent can't find you so say you
played a one-on-one on the canadian map
it's a fast mute attack and with that
you're not gonna have many troops early
oftentimes I don't build any troops
until I get my mute ACEF which is very
late in the game but um I do use this in
multiplayer game sometimes I play with
SUV rush in juvey twos and I like to use
this build if we're on a confined map
that doesn't have an expo so I can't
macro up very much and then I'm actually
gonna do a double extractor trick right
here so I can get more drones I I just
like to do this I like the feel of it
and and it's nice because I feel like
you get more you get more drones out
quicker and so I feel richer and then I
build my Overlord and so what the build
is gonna be is I just gonna get up to
twelve drones and then at that point I'm
gonna drop an extractor and then on
thirteen I'll build a spawning pool and
that works out pretty well there's
twelve
here's thirteen and then I'll save a
first bonding pool and the timing with
that is such that I should have a
hundred gas at the same time that my
spawning pool finishes and then when
that happens the spawning pool finishing
allows me to to detect a lair and then
by having 100 gas I can also type the
lair immediately so I'm gonna send some
of my drones over there and then just
continue to build more drones and so the
the point of the build is to balance the
amount of gas you have with the amount
of minerals you have so that you can
tighten as soon as as possible so you
can see this is building right now
and then I'm just thinking to you to
build drones and I'm not gonna get a
queen first thing what's gonna happen as
soon as I finish my layer type then I'm
gonna get my queen and then the Queen's
gonna spawn larva on the heavy and then
that's gonna allow me to quickly get
those Mutis enemies so there's that
there's right about a hundred gasps
right there you can see something that
gets a tag right after this finishes now
there's a little bit of variability at
this point I can get a couple Ling's I
could put down a spine crawler I could
do some things like that but I am trying
to get that gasps and you can even get
the second gas a little bit earlier and
then send your send your drones over
there keep popping those overlords so
that you're not supply capped but once
again it's not as critical because
you're not gonna get those early troops
and then you're just gonna keep this
income coming up and what does happen is
you're gonna see that you have some
extra minerals to play around with and
so you can do things like get a spine
call a turtle you know or to see if
there's a the player to so I could get a
spine collar or some units I do have
flexibility there and you do want to
make sure you get plenty of overloads
because the goal is to have an even
amount of minerals and gas and so just
pops I have 200 200 so I can fill my
spider right away and then I built my
queen right away so as soon as your
layer finishes you build your spider you
build your queen and then you get back
at it and you just keep these things
mining and then your spire is gonna you
know take forever to build so during
that time you just continue to mine that
fast oh this is exactly what I wouldn't
want to happen but if that does happen
in a game you still have room and then
this Queen as soon as the Queen pops you
can see my safe over there cuz computers
really bad soon as the Queen pops I'm
gonna spawn larva with her and that
spawning of larva if I built the Queen
right when the lair finished should
coincide roughly with the
of the spire which should also coincide
with me having about 500 gas and then
over 500 minerals you can see here's the
point in time where I can I can save up
and then you just want to make sure you
have all three of the larvae from the
hatchery out so I noticed there's some
time before this finishes so I can make
another drone with that and see there's
the larvae all spawned and here's the
spire just about to finish so I have six
larvae available and I should have seven
in about a minute and then that happens
I have plenty of Overlord space because
I've prepared and then I'm able to pump
out five muta lists then if you know
where your opponents base is you set
your waypoint over there and then you
can do a couple things at this point you
can maybe throw around an expansion you
can see my income is going really well I
can continue Bell tones I can build some
more zerglings I can use my next gas for
a damage upgrade or something else and
there's no new doors there's one more
coming out in a second and then I can
continue to build more Mutis or I can
upgrade whatever I want to do but you do
want to continue that and then I do like
to expand at this point because you've
probably had enough enough time to or
you'll have enough time after you attack
my karate or to give him alive and they
actually got a spire up relatively
quickly tubes and this is a in all air
mount so of course on this map is
expected but on another map it's not
gonna be nearly as expected to have this
many drones and yes it's a very easy
computer but the goal is that you play
with this strategy against against a
player on a normal ground map and
there's the B game from their computer
so I hope everyone gets that build over
pretty well what its gonna be is gas on
12 spawning pool on 13 and then you put
three drones on gas as soon as that
finishes you should have a hundred gas
at the same time that you're spawning
pool finishes and then you upgrade
immediately to a layer and then once
your layer finishes and you need to get
another extractor probably at the time
you decide to upgrade or right before
after your layer finishes you drop a
spire and you build a queen immediately
when the Queen comes out you spawn
larvae continue to build overlord so you
have plenty of supply room and then and
then when you're when you when your
spire finally pops you should be able to
immediately get five muta lists and then
bring them over your opponent's base and
that's really early it should be around
the five-minute mark six minute mark and
six or seven minutes
there and so at that point in the game
you're definitely good to harass them
and then most of them the players in
those matches will have to pull back to
say this is a three on three or two on
two and then it allows you the
opportunity to expand or to attack
otherwise to make sure that you know you
keep in the advantageous position so
hope you guys enjoy this I know I enjoy
doing this build order and it does Green
great success thanks for watching and
tune in the Union calm or